[Music]
six effective exercises for women to
lose weight a sedentary lifestyle
constant stress and a less than perfect
diet none of this does your body and
good we've put together a quick workout
that will help you stay fit and steer
clear of any possible future health
problems number one burpees
let's start with burpees shall we stand
with your feet shoulder-width apart
lower your body into a squat and place
your hands on the floor in front of you
then kick your feet back behind you so
that you end up in a push-up position
once you've done that bring your feet
back under you into a squat and jump up
as high as you can
we're going to do this exercise for one
minute straight ready let's get that
heart pumping if you get into the habit
of doing burpees once or twice a week
it'll effectively prevent metabolism V
acceleration
[Music]
don't strain yourself too much though
one minute for this exercise is enough a
[Music]
couple more times great job
number two squats again start this
exercise in a standing position with
your feet a bit wider than
shoulder-width your back should be
straight bend your knees and sit back
kind of like you're sitting in an
imaginary chair as you're doing that
extend your arms straight out in front
of you to help keep your balance it's
extremely crucial to keep proper form as
you're squatting your back should be
straight and your knees at a 90 degree
angle and in line with your toes
no hunching then come back up one minute
on the clock let's go
[Music]
spots can't own your whole body and
improve your flexibility not to mention
how your rear end will look in your
favorite jeans
[Music]
ten more seconds done number three
plank planking is seriously a super
exercise it's part of pretty much every
training session and our little workout
is no exception so get down on the floor
place your hands directly under your
shoulders plant your toes firmly on the
ground and squeeze those glutes to
stabilize your body be sure to keep your
abs tight and your body in a straight
line
don't let your tummy dip toward the
floor just hold this position for 30
seconds let's get to it
[Music]
biking is a pure miracle for fighting
and preventing back pain it's a great
way to tone your core because it works
the ABS chest and back muscles plus you
can do it almost anywhere anytime no
special equipment needed and that's it
for the play grab your dumbbells for our
next exercise number four dumbbell push
[Music]
stand with your legs straight and your
feet shoulder-width apart lift the
dumbbells over your head until your
elbows are locked from this position
lower the dumbbells out the sides at
shoulder level
then lift them up again let's repeat
this for one minute and go
[Music]
strength training is one of the best
ways to prevent chronic joint pain which
usually comes with age you don't have to
spend hours at the gym lifting huge
weights though doing this exercise just
two to three times a week can completely
transform your body and trust me you'll
like it
[Music]
one more push and rest
number five bridge
like comfortably on your back with your
arms down by your sides knees bent and
feet planted firmly on the floor squeeze
your glutes to lift your hips up off the
floor and bring them up as high as you
can towards the ceiling then slowly
lower your hips back down you have one
minute for this exercise so let's begin
[Music]
phryges also known as the butt lifts
will open up any tightness in your hips
caused by long periods of sitting this
exercise also strengthens your core
improves your posture and get that booty
in shape it's a great way to become
stronger fitter and sexier
[Music]
and times up take a breather and get
ready for your final exercise number six
y2t raises time to bust your dumbbells
back out for this one stand with your
feet shoulder-width apart lean your
torso slightly forward and bend your
knees a bit then raise your arms up so
that your body forms the letter Y from
this position lower your arms out to the
sides and make the letter T after that
go back to the Y and repeat but enough
talking let's get right to it
[Music]
these specific raises strengthen your
back and shoulder muscles they're great
at fixing bad posture which can lead to
all sorts of other problems don't rush
it feel the muscles of your body working
[Music]
you're doing great
just 10 more seconds
[Music]
amazing
our workout is over pat yourself on the
back you did great
as you can see this workout targets
different muscle groups so come back to
this video and do these exercises
regularly in order to stay fit and
healthy but don't go just yet we have
some helpful advice for you that you
really should hear first of all you
should make an elliptical your new best
friend if you want to have a toned and
gorgeous body and more importantly it'll
help you maintain a healthy heart as
well if you're really looking for a way
to improve your health you need to
exercise at 80 percent of your maximum
heart rate for at least 30 minutes a day
three to four times a week for example
on a scale of 1 to 10 if 10 is as hard
as you can push yourself your workouts
should always be at least an 8 as far as
effort is concerned and don't
underestimate the power of walking
either it's the simplest most affordable
exercise anyone can do while it burns
calories pound your body and improves
your mood it's also easy on your joints
sounds like a win-win to me and finally
start doing yoga yeah I know it's all
trendy and hyped up but that's not
without reason Yoga can change your
whole perspective on life body and mind
in fact yoga is also known to increase a
certain mood regulating neurotransmitter
that plays a pivotal role in fighting
depression and lowering stress and
anxiety levels so what are you waiting
for the time is now what's your secret
to staying fit tell us in the comments
section below don't forget to hit the
like button if you plan on doing these
exercises again with us share this video
with your friends and if you still
haven't done so subscribe to our Channel
stay with us on the bright side
[Music]
you